dl-streamer/docs: Added compilation steps for EMT OS (#788)
open-edge-platform/edge-ai-libraries: libraries/dl-streamer/docs/source/get_started/tutorial.md

gvawatermark ! videoconvert ! autovideosink sync=false
```

> > **Note**: On EMT OS, we don't have X11/wayland display server enabled as per design and to see the 
> > the video for above pipeline, one needs to replace the last gstreamer element `autovideosink sync=false`
> > with `kmssink sync=false`. The pre-requisite for this to work is to have the system on which the
> > pipeline is run on the KVM setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: On EMT OS the `X11/wayland` display server is by default disabled. To see the 
> the video for the above pipeline, replace the last gstreamer element `autovideosink sync=false`
> with `kmssink sync=false`. The system on which the pipeline is running must be working on the KVM setup.
```
